Choice A:
Good and Competent Emperors:

nick_taizong    #太宗 - the Great Successor

nick_wenzong	#文宗 - the Cultured
nick_jingzong2	#景宗 - the Admirable/Luminous
nick_wuzong		#武宗 - the Martial

nick_zhaozong	#昭宗 - the Prominent
nick_xuanzong2	#宣宗 - the Illustrious
nick_huanzong	#桓宗 - the Conquering

nick_mingzong	#明宗 - the Illuminated
nick_zhangzong	#章宗 - the Law-giver
nick_xingzong	#兴宗 - the Prosperous

nick_shenzong	#神宗 - the Holy
nick_gaozong	#高宗 - the Supreme
nick_zhongzong	#中宗 - the Middle-reign

nick_renzong	#仁宗 - the Kind
nick_xiaozong	#孝宗 - the Filial
nick_shizong	#世宗 - the Inheritor

nick_chengzong	#成宗 - the Accomplished
nick_kangzong	#康宗 - the Well
nick_xianzong2	#宪宗 - the Principled

nick_shengzong	#圣宗 - the Glorious
nick_dingzong	#定宗 - the Decisive/the Hammer
nick_weizong	#威宗 - the Charasmatic

	Saved the Empire OR Recreated it anew:
	nick_xingzu		#兴祖 - the Prospering Ancestor
	nick_liezu		#烈祖 - the Unyielding Ancestor
	nick_huanzu     #桓祖 - the Conquering Ancestor

	Brilliant and the Best Emperor - "the Great" "the Magnificent", awkward English translations:
	nick_shengzu	#圣祖 - the Glorious Ancestor (the Magnificent)
	nick_shizu		#世祖 - the Great Inheriting Ancestor
	nick_chengzu	#成祖 - the Accomplished Ancestor
	nick_xuanzu		#宣祖 - the Illustrious Ancestor
	

Choice B:
Meh and Generally Alright Emperors:
nick_zhenzong	#真宗 - the Honest
nick_yingzong	#英宗 - 
nick_zhezhong	#哲宗 - the Educated

nick_suzong		#肃宗 
nick_daizong	#代宗
nick_ningzong	#宁宗 - the Tranquil

nick_duanzong	#端宗
nick_pingzong	#平宗 - the Secured
nick_anzong		#安宗 - the Peaceful

nick_jianzong   #简宗 - the Moderate
nick_xiangzong	#襄宗 - the Good
nick_ruizong	#睿宗 - the Wisecrack

Choice C:
Founders - "Taizu", "Gaozu":
nick_taizu		#太祖 - the Great Progenitor/Ancestor
nick_gaozu		#高祖 - the High/Supreme Progenitor/Ancestor



Choice D (Next Page) (Sarcastic, Usupation, Early Death, Bad Ruler)

Choice E:
Sarcastic Names because you are filial:
nick_guangzong	#光宗 - the Bright
nick_huizong	#徽宗
nick_qinzong	#钦宗

nick_lizong		#理宗 - the Logical
nick_duzong		#度宗
nick_yizong		#毅宗

nick_muzong		#穆宗
nick_chongzong	#崇宗
nick_daozong	#道宗 - the Enlightener

nick_xianzong	#献宗
nick_dezong		#德宗 - the Moral
nick_shunzong	#顺宗

nick_jingzong	#敬宗 - the Courteous

Choice F:
Usurpation:
	Young and Bad Rulers Usurped, NOT same dynasty, not proper temple names:
	nick_yangdi		#炀帝 - the Immoral
	nick_zhidi		#质帝
	nick_chongdi	#冲帝 - the Offended
	
	#Young
	nick_shaodi		#少帝 - the Young 
	nick_gongdi		#恭帝 - the Courteous

Choice G
	Early Death or "the Desired":
	nick_aizong		#哀宗 - the Mourned
	nick_daozong2	#悼宗 - the Desired a la Sebastian of Portugal
	nick_sizong		#思宗 - the Longed

	Bad Rulers
	nick_xuanzong	#玄宗 - the Superstitious
	nick_xizong		#僖宗 - the Merrymaking (bad connotation) 
	nick_shangzong	#殇宗 - the Tyrant
	
	Died in Battle
	nick_liezong	#烈宗 - the Unyielding
	nick_daozong2	#悼宗 - the Desired a la Sebastian of Portugal
	nick_sizong		#思宗 - the Longed
	
	
For usurpation of same dynasty:

nick_feidi			#废帝 - the Deposed
nick_shaodi			#少帝 - the Young























